Editorial review: Information about User-Agent reduction (#41648)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/reference/headers/user-agent/index.md

For example, whereas previously the `User-Agent` string for Chrome running on Android might have looked like this:

```plain
Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 16; Pixel 9) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/143.0.12.45 Mobile Safari/537.36
```

After the User-Agent reduction update, it now looks like this:

```plain
Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 10; K) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/143.0.0.0 Mobile Safari/537.36
```

- The platform version is always a fixed value, in this case, `Android 10`.
- The device model is always a fixed value, in this case, `K`.
- The Chrome major version number shows correctly, but the minor version numbers are always shown as zeros — `0.0.0`.

> Servers that want to request more information can do so using [User-Agent client hints](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/Client_hints). After the initial connection, the server can send an {{httpheader("Accept-CH")}} response header detailing the data items they want, and the client can then send the data back via [`Sec-CH-UA-*`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers#user_agent_client_hints) headers. This information can also be accessed via the [User-Agent Client Hints API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/User-Agent_Client_Hints_API).

Reviewer: Perhaps worth clarifying "need" is desirable.
```suggestion
Servers that need more information can request it via [User-Agent client hints](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/Client_hints). After the initial connection, the server can send an {{httpheader("Accept-CH")}} response header detailing the data items they want, and the client can then send the data back via [`Sec-CH-UA-*`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers#user_agent_client_hints) headers. This information can also be accessed via the [User-Agent Client Hints API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/User-Agent_Client_Hints_API).
```

```plain
Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64; rv:47.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/47.0

Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X x.y; rv:42.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/42.0
```

## Chrome UA string

The Chrome (or Chromium/Blink-based engines) user agent string is similar to Firefox's. For compatibility, it adds strings like `KHTML, like Gecko` and `Safari`. It adds `"CriOS/<version>"` on iPhone.

### Examples

Desktop example:

```plain
Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_7) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/143.0.0.0 Safari/537.36

Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/143.0.0.0 Safari/537.36
```

Android phone example:

```plain
Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 10; K) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/143.0.0.0 Mobile Safari/537.36
```

#### Pre-User-Agent reduction example

```plain
Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/51.0.2704.103 Safari/537.36

> ```

Reviewer: Odd rendering because this is a heading. I'd perhaps do it like

````suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Prior to user-agent reduction the UA string might have looked like this:
> ```plain
>  Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/51.0.2704.103 Safari/537.36
>  ```
````

Reviewer: Actually, just a suggestion, but you could put ALL the pre-user reduction examples in one section for all browsers. I think this might age better because over time the whole user agent reduction thing is going to be business as usual.

Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 18_6 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/26.0 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
```

## Pre-user-agent reduction examples

> This section provides some examples of UA strings prior to user-agent reduction:

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
This section provides some examples of UA strings in earlier browser versions, prior to the introduction of user-agent reduction:
```
